hey guys today we are going to be
talking about whisperwood elemental
triple generic a double green he has a
use a creature is a mythic at beginning
of your end of your end step manifests
the top card of your library okay that's
pretty good you can sacrifice him in
until end of turn fish up non-target
creatures you control gain when when
this creature dies manifest the top card
of your library there's got to be a
combo of this card and depending on how
good that combo is or determine on his
price I've seen him being talked about
as a potential speculation or potential
card to invest in I don't see him that
way obviously he's a very strong card
and you at least get six power toughness
when it's time to attack with him and
then you gain incrementally kind of like
I guess the the creature I look at him
and compared to him and I'm an old
school player is that one like five five
or six six and every during every
player's turn you get a 11 so then it's
your turn I get 11 the next turn I get
11 and but that guy costs a verdant
force i believe is its name that dude
costs eight and that's like a lot right
this guy costs five essentially he does
the job pretty much the same i'm going
to say like maybe he has one or two
power and toughness lash and he instead
of creating 21 ones i believe they were
supporting he was I got Treefolk of some
time kind of like this dude you get a
2-2 with manifest I asked you prefer to
22 or manufactures that 22 could be
something much much bigger and much much
better and 11 is not really I mean yeah
it's nice but it's turn 8 what are you
really producing 11 for it
I mean it could be I mean it could be a
storm graph dragging under there it
could be a Hornet queen Hornet queen
would be a good one and I could be all
types of creatures and but the reason
people are excited about him or they're
talking about him is because of his
second ability is second ability where
if you sacrifice him until end of turn
all face-up creatures you control
face-up noncoding creatures you control
have manifested in there's not a
one-time deal they can die and then they
can keep dying and they can keep dying
as long as they're not token they will
keep producing pretty much more tokens
or I don't know father I guess and you
can combo using a card I'm not positive
exist yet anyway a very interesting card
I like it our men de cement as they
speculation but not at this time again
you're going to see a pattern all these
videos right now is not the time to buy
cards it's time to see what you know
time to allow people to open packs and
then after the prices have dramatically
dropped then you go in just like Collins
you know college the park here right now
she'll con you should be 40 bucks he's
breaking 15 on a good day and the same
of every single other card and say even
if it's late that's going to happen this
set so if you need them then buy them to
play with but as a I'm gonna buy a ton
of ease and just keep them I prefer to
go long game and let its price drop a
tiny bit before I invest
you